ODATA-1609 (#212)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-protocol/11.4 Data Modification.md

The client may request whether content be returned from a Create,
Update, or Delete request, or the invocation of an Action, by specifying

> the [`Prefer: return` header](#Preferencereturnrepresentationandreturnminimal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [`return`](#Preferencereturnrepresentationandreturnminimal) preference.
```
Align with most common reference format

The client may request whether content be returned from a Create,
Update, or Delete request, or the invocation of an Action, by specifying
the [`return` Prefer header](#Preferencereturnrepresentationandreturnminimal).
A [success response](#SuccessResponses) indicates that data have been modified,

> even if the requested content could not be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
independent of whether the requested content could be returned.
```

collection-valued properties omitted from the request are set to the
default value, null, or an empty collection, respectively.

Upon successful creation of the entity, the service MUST respond with either
[`201 Created`](#ResponseCode201Created) and a representation of the
created entity, or [`204 No Content`](#ResponseCode204NoContent) if the

> request included a [Prefer header](#Preferencereturnrepresentationandreturnminimal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request included a [`Prefer` header](#Preferencereturnrepresentationandreturnminimal)
```

with a value of
[`return=minimal`](#Preferencereturnrepresentationandreturnminimal) and did not
include the system query options [`$select`](#SystemQueryOptionselect)
and [`$expand`](#SystemQueryOptionexpand), or if a representation of the created
entity could not be constructed. In either case, the response MUST contain a
[`Location` header](#HeaderLocation) that contains the edit URL or read URL of the
created entity. If the service could not even construct the `Location` header
of the created entity, it SHOULD still respond with `204 No Content`, so the client

> can determine the created entity with a [query collection](#QueryingCollections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can determine the created entity with a [collection query](#QueryingCollections).
```

Upon successful creation of the entity, the service MUST respond with either
[`201 Created`](#ResponseCode201Created) and a representation of the
created entity, or [`204 No Content`](#ResponseCode204NoContent) if the

> request included a [`Prefer` header](#Preferencereturnrepresentationandreturnminimal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request included a [`Prefer`](#Preferencereturnrepresentationandreturnminimal) header
```
